( GRUNTING )
( SCREAMS )
PRUNING'S LAME!
IT WOULDN'T BE SO BAD IF BENSON
WOULD BUY SOME NEW TOOLS.
THESE THINGS ARE LIKE
A HUNDRED YEARS OLD.
YEAH, HOW COME MUSCLE MAN
GETS TO DO THIS THE COOL WAY?
UH, MAYBE BECAUSE
I'M HIGHLY TRAINED, BRO.
CALL ME WHEN YOU'VE TAKEN
A SEMESTER OF ARCHERY CLASSES
ONLINE.
( GRUNTING )
HMM.
IS ANYONE ELSE CURIOUS
ABOUT THE SCIENTISTS WHO'VE BEEN
WATCHING US ALL MORNING?
THEY'RE PROBABLY TAKING
ON HOW TO DO
AN HONEST DAY'S WORK FOR ONCE.
HEY, MAMA'S BOY,
THEY'RE CALLED MUSCLES!
WRITE THATDOWN
IN YOUR FIELD
LAST LOAD, LOSERS!
( GRUNTS )
( BLADES WHIRRING )
AAH!
IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME...
AH!
IT'S TIME FOR MY 45–MINUTE
AFTERNOON SIESTA.
( CHUCKLES )
( SNORING LOUDLY )
( GROANS )
SO TIRED.
( SCREAMS )
( GRUNTING )
( BREATHING HEAVILY )
THAT'S IT! I'M TAKING
MUSCLE MAN'S BOW AND ARROW!
HE'S NOT EVEN USING THEM!
UH, I DON'T THINK
THAT'S A GOOD IDEA.
MUSCLE MAN DOESN'T LIKE
HIS STUFF BEING TOUCHED
WITHOUT HIS PERMISSION.
SO FINE,
I'LL WAKE HIM UP AND ASK.
( SNORING LOUDLY )
MUSCLE MAN, WAKE UP.
YEAH, THAT'S NOT
GONNA GET YOU ANYWHERE.
ONCE HE'S DOWN FOR HIS NAP,
NOTHING CAN WAKE HIM UP.
NOTHING, EH?
( BOTH CHUCKLE )
( SNAPS FINGERS )
MUSCLE MAN!
MITCH!
WAKE UP!
( BOTH LAUGH )
WAIT, WAIT.
CHECK THIS OUT.
( CHUCKLING )
OH, MY GOSH.
OH!
WHOO!
YOU KNOW WHO ELSE DOESN'T
UNDERSTAND JOKE STRUCTURE?
MY MOM!
UH, GUYS,
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT THIS.
NAH, IT'S FUNNY!
WATCH THIS.
"I'M MUSCLE MAN!
I THINK I'M SO GOOD AT WORK
JUST BECAUSE
I'M FREAKISHLY STRONG!"
( LAUGHS )
OKAY.
UH, LET ME TRY.
( LAUGHS )
UM, OKAY, OKAY.
WHOO!
HA HA!
IT'S ME, MUSCLE MAN!
DESPITE MY ROUGH EXTERIOR,
I'M A LOVING
AND SUPPORTIVE FRIEND!
I –– OOPS!
( GASPS )
( DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS )
( BLADES WHIR )
OH, NO!
DO YOU REALIZE
WHAT YOU'VE DONE?!
ME?! WHAT?!
THAT WAS MUSCLE MAN'S
FAVORITE AND ONLY SHIRT!
IF WE DON'T REPLACE IT
BEFORE HE WAKES UP FROM HIS NAP,
HE'LL NEVER FORGIVE US!
OKAY, OKAY, CALM DOWN.
ALL WE GOTTA DO IS GO OUT
AND BUY MUSCLE MAN
THE SAME SHIRT, RIGHT?
YEAH! WE JUST GOTTA FIND THE TAG
TO SEE WHAT BRAND IT WAS.
OH.
GUYS, I FOUND IT!
UH, THE LABEL'S TOO WORN
TO READ ANYTHING.
GREAT!
SO NOW WHAT?
I'VE ONLY EVER SEEN MITCH SHOP
AT ONE PLACE.
LET'S TRY THERE FIRST.
Mordecai:
DISCONTINUED?
DISCONTINUED!
THAT SHIRT WAS
A LIMITED–RUN DEAL!
LIMITED RUN?
THE FDA PULLED IT
'CAUSE IT WAS MOSTLY ASBESTOS.
GUESS THE MAN DOESN'T CARE IF
A GUY IS FLAME RETARDANT OR NOT.
IS THERE ANYWHERE ELSE
WE CAN FIND ONE?
( GROWLING )
YOU COULD CHECK
IN YO FACE APPAREL, I GUESS.
Rigby:
DUDE, THIS PLACE IS HUGE!
LET'S SPLIT UP.
HUH?
( GASPS )
THE SHIRT!
COME TO PAPA!
QUIT PILFERING THE PROMOS,
DAWG!
THESE TEES HAVE A PRICE!
WHAT?!
IT SAYS "FREE" RIGHT ON IT.
YEAH, IF YOU'RE TALKING
ABOUT DOLLARS.
HOW ELSE
DO YOU PAY FOR CLOTHES?
WE DO THINGS A LITTLE MORE
EXTREME HERE AT IN YO FACE.
EVERY HOUR, WE GIVE AWAY
A FREE T–SHIRT
BY SHOOTING IT
OUT OF THIS CANNON
AND BLASTING A CUSTOMER
IN THE FACE WITH IT.
WHAT?!
DON'T PEOPLE GET HURT?
NAH, THEY LOVE IT.
( CHEERING )
ARE YOU READY?!
YEAH!
DUDE, WAIT!
JUST LET ME BUY THE SHIRT!
KID, I WORK IN RETAIL.
HURTING PEOPLE IS ALL I HAVE.
( Slo–mo ) NO!
( DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS )
( Normal voice )
AAH! AAH! OOF!
( GROANS )
YOU OKAY, RIGBY?
UH...
OH!
I DID IT!
I GOT THE ––
SHIRT!
LET'S JUST GO
BACK TO THE PARK.
( BIRDS CHIRPING )
( SNORING )
SO, WHAT NOW?
WHATEVER IT IS,
WE GOTTA HURRY!
MUSCLE MAN'S NAP IS OVER
IN 20 MINUTES!
HMM.
UH, HEY.
WHAT'S UP?
YOU GUYS ARE SCIENTISTS,
RIGHT?
SCIENCE ASSISTANTS,
YES.
COOL. COOL.
UH...
( SIGHS )
WE TOOK OUR FRIEND'S SHIRT OFF
AND THREW IT
IN A WOOD CHIPPER,
AND WE NEED TO REPLACE IT
BEFORE HE WAKES UP
SO HE DOESN'T KILL US.
HERE'S A PIECE
OF HIS SHIRT.
CAN YOU GUYS DO SOME SCIENCE
AND FIX IT?
FUNNY YOU MENTION IT,
ACTUALLY.
WE JUST GOT THIS 3–D KNITTER
IN THAT COULD ANALYZE THE FABRIC
AND REPLICATE ––
PAM! Shh!
COME ON!
NEXT YOU'RE GONNA TELL THEM
THE BACK WINDOW
AT THE SCIENCE DOME
IS STUCK OPEN!
DUDE,
THERE'S THE COPY ROOM.
I BET THE KNITTING THING
IS IN THERE.
Rigby:
LOOKS LIKE IT'S LOCKED.
SOMEONE'S COMING!
( WHISTLING )
HE'S GOING IN.
I'VE GOT AN IDEA.
YOU DISTRACT HIM.
UH, HEY,
FELLOW SCIENTIST.
DO YOU KNOW IF THERE'S
A BATHROOM THAT WAY?
OH, SURE.
UH, LET'S SEE...
THERE'S THE CO–ED ONE
AROUND THE CORNER HERE.
OR YOU COULD GO DOWN
THAT REALLY WEIRD HALLWAY
THAT'S NOTHING
BUT URINALS.
FRANKLY, SIR,
IT SEEMS LIKE YOU'VE GOT
THE PICK OF THE LITTER.
AAH!
I THOUGHT YOU'D JUST HIDE
IN THE CART
AND OPEN THE DOOR
FROM THE OTHER SIDE.
OH.
THAT WOULD HAVE WORKED, TOO.
( KEYPAD BEEPS )
Together: WHOOOOOA!
Mordecai:
LOOK AT ALL THIS COPY EQUIPMENT.
THERE IT IS.
RIGBY, COME ON.
WE DON'T HAVE MUCH TIME.
DUDE, THAT THING OVER THERE
REPLICATES SMELLS.
GUESS WHAT THIS IS.
( SNIFFS ) OH!
DUDE, GROSS!
JUST GIVE ME THE SHIRT.
( MACHINE BEEPING )
3–D KNIT BEGINNING.
IT'S WORKING.
THAT WAS TOO EASY.
ERROR.
FOREIGN OBJECT DETECTED ––
IDENTIFIED AS HUMAN HAIR.
CONTINUE USING
ALL DETECTED MATERIALS?
AGH! WE'RE IN A HURRY,
YOU STUPID MACHINE!
YES.
RIGBY, NO!
OVERRIDE ACCEPTED.
COMPLETING 3–D KNIT.
SEE, IT'S FINE.
YOU GUYS GOTTA LEARN TO ACT
ON YOUR INSTINCTS MORE OFTEN.
( NEEDLES CLICKING )
KNIT COMPLETE.
( ALL GASP )
SHOULD WE SAY SOMETHING TO IT?
I'M NOT GOING ANYWHERE NEAR
THAT CREEPY THING.
FIVES, YOU'RE MUSCLE MAN'S
BEST FRIEND –– GO TALK TO IT.
WHAT?
( SIGHS )
HEY, BUDDY.
( CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY )
LOOK, THIS IS AWKWARD
FOR ALL OF US,
BUT WE'RE GONNA NEED
THAT SHIRT.
SO, UH, IF YOU COULD
JUST POP IT OFF.
OH, OKAY, MAYBE LATER.
GOOD IDEA.
AAH!
WHAT'S IT DOING?
CUPCAKE.
I KNOW THIS IS A WEIRD MOMENT
FOR EVERYONE,
BUT WE ONLY HAVE 10 MINUTES
TO GET THAT SHIRT
BACK ON THE REAL MUSCLE MAN.
( SIGHS )
OKAY, LET'S DO THIS.
SORRY, DUDE.
WE NEED IT MORE THAN YOU ––
( ROARING )
( GRUNTING )
I GOT IT!
HUH?
( ROARS )
( ALL GASP )
RUN!
( PANTING )
IS IT STILL FOLLOWING US?
( ROARING )
AAH!
WE GOTTA SPLIT UP!
RIGBY, GIVE ME THE SHIRT!
YOU TWO, GO THAT WAY!
OKAY.
( GRUNTING )
( DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS )
HUH?
( ROARING )
( MORDECAI PANTING )
AAH!
MORDECAI, YOU'RE ALIVE!
HOW DO WE GET OUT?!
THERE'S A LOADING BAY
STRAIGHT AHEAD.
JUST KEEP RUNNING.
AND WHAT ABOUT MUSCLE MAN?
ANYTHING TO REPORT?
YES, UM,
PHYSICALLY VERY STRONG,
BUT HE'S KIND OF A JERK
ABOUT IT.
I SEE.
AND, UH, WHAT ABOUT
HI FIVE GHOST?
WELL?
UH...
WHAT NOW?
THE JEEP!
HEY! I'M NOT EVEN ALLOWED
TO DRIVE THAT!
( ENGINE STARTS )
SORRY, MAN.
OFFICIAL PARK BUSINESS.
Hi Five: THANK YOU.
( GLASS SHATTERS )
AW.
I'M FIRED FOR SURE.
OOF!
–DID WE LOSE IT?
–( GRUNTS )
( ALL SCREAM )
( TIRES SQUEAL )
WHERE'D IT GO?
( ROARS )
–AAH!
–WHAT DO WE DO?!
OH, NO!
MUSCLE MAN'S GONNA WAKE UP
ANY SECOND.
CIRCLE BACK PAST MUSCLE MAN.
( ROARING )
TIME TO UNWIND.
HUH?
( GRUNTING )
AAH!
THANK YOU.
( THUD )
( MUSCLE MAN SNORES )
( SIGHS )
UH...
HEY, BROS.
HEY, MUSCLE MAN.
HOW WAS YOUR NAP?
( GROANS )
PRETTY GOOD, BUT...
WAIT.
SOMETHING'S NOT RIGHT.
UH, WHAT'S THAT?
THERE'S A FINGERPRINT
ON MY BOW!
MAN, YOU GUYS HAVE NO RESPECT
FOR MY STUFF.